[Music]
okay pay attention now how to eat
correctly and not embarrass yourself at
restaurants do you think that there's no
wrong way to eat food you just put it in
your mouth chew and swallow but think
about the last time you ordered a dish
at a restaurant and for fear of
embarrassing yourself or making a mess
you were left baffled with a plate of
food in front of you it gets especially
tricky when you order some ethnic dish
like Japanese Italian Mexican or
whatever your taste may be well perhaps
this video guide will help you elegantly
and neatly tackle any dish put me for
you in a restaurant so here we go soy
sauce
don't fill your soy sauce bowl to the
brim Japanese people recommend pouring
in just a bit of it and adding more when
you feel the need
ginger most of us like placing pieces of
ginger directly on our sushi or sushi
rolls before eating them but ginger is
in fact supposed to be eaten separately
from your food and only during breaks
and between Bish's it helps refresh your
mouth and bring out the taste of the
dish you just ate wha sabi hey was that
wasabi fans of spicy food love putting a
huge dollop of wasabi on their sushi
rolls but too much wasabi Rob's this
delicious Japanese dish of its exquisite
taste add just a bit of wasabi to your
soy sauce and mix it in another way to
spice up your life is to spread a thin
layer of wasabi on your sushi or rolls
sashimi
[Music]
the golden rule with Japanese cuisine is
that you should always use chopsticks or
your hands never use a fork so to eat
sashimi correctly pick up a piece with
your chopsticks and dip only one side of
it in soy sauce don't drown the whole
piece and don't take bites off of the
fish you should put it in your mouth
hole right Girt sushi
[Music]
again using your chopsticks flip a piece
of sushi onto its side then position
your chopsticks so that one of them
covers the fish side and the other the
side with rice
once you've managed to do that dip the
sushi in soy sauce but remember the
sauce should get solely on the fish
according to the Japanese this is the
only way to feel the real taste of this
dish sushi rolls use your chopsticks or
hands to pick up a roll and dip just the
edge of it in soy sauce never put it in
the ball and don't cover both sides of
the roll in sauce spaghetti
aha the dish that seems impossible to
eat neatly but it's totally possible
just twirl a bit of spaghetti around
your fork until there aren't any long
tails that won't look pretty hanging
from your mouth you can do this using
your spoon or the edges of your plate
[Music]
burgers
now another dining dish to eat out in
public the insides always want to slip
out making a mess of your hands clothes
and everything else around to avoid this
sticky situation simply cut your burger
in half halves are a lot easier to hold
plus nothing will fall out
well mostly nothing pizza
[Music]
big slices of New York style pizza are
pretty hard to eat without folding them
first there are a lot of ways to do it
but here are the two most common grab a
slice of pizza by the crust try to hold
it time you wouldn't want any of your
toppings sliding off would you fold the
piece of pizza lengthwise like a hot dog
bun and then take a big hearty bite from
the tip another way to fold pizza is to
fold it width wise to do that you need
to put the pointed part of the slice on
the middle of the crust then you can eat
your pizza like a sandwich muscles hey
check it out oh not that kind all right
since mussels the seafood type are often
served in their shell it can be really
confusing trying to figure out how to
get to the edible part well here's how
to do it pick up a mussel from the plate
and hold it with the open side of the
shell facing outwards using your 4 yeah
you can use that now pry the flesh out
of the open shell the meat is usually
still attached to the shell so you might
have to scrape it off with your fork
it's not hard to do a light nudging is
enough to remove it always eat mussels
in one bite you don't want to take
nibbles off of them now if your mussels
have been served with broth put the meat
into the broth then using a spoon scoop
up the meat together with some broth and
enjoy if what you're eating is seafood
pasta use your fork
now it's perfectly okay to use your
hands if a rinse Bowl has been served
with your mussels as for the empty
shells the waiter usually brings a
separate dish for those if not put them
on your plate you never leave shells on
the serving plate if you're sharing with
others
[Music]
hmm burritos and for those of you who
can't get enough of this yummy yet messy
Mexican dish these next few tips will
definitely make your life a whole lot
easier first off you should always
remember that unwrapping the whole
burrito at once is a bad idea the foil
is exactly what keeps it from falling
apart just tearaway strips of foil as
you eat the burrito but be sure to ball
them up and set them aside so you don't
make a mess on the restaurant table pick
up the burrito with both hands this will
keep it stable as long as you're not in
some fancy-schmancy restaurant you can
even keep the burrito on the table or
your plate and lean in for a bite when
you just start the vast majority of
burritos are too big for a person to fit
the whole thing in their mouth well I
know some people but that's why the best
way to take bites is to start from the
outer edges and work your way in towards
the middle if you take a big bite out of
the middle all that tasty filling will
fall out the sides now don't hold your
burrito up for too long keep it on the
table when you're not biting from it
since every additional second in the air
may cause it to fall apart and don't
squeeze it too tightly or else you'll
puncture the tortilla don't even attempt
to eat a burrito while walking not all
burritos are created equal so some of
them aren't wrapped as tightly as we'd
like if you've got a loose burrito on
the go you'll have everything leaking
and falling out all over the place so
take your street burrito to a nearby
bench sit down and enjoy your meal
[Music]
corn-on-the-cob another food that's
impossible to eat without looking like a
messy faced Pig corn on the cob is tough
to eat elegantly but there are some
useful ways to make the whole ordeal
look prettier feel free to cut your cob
in half or even into smaller pieces this
makes it easier for you to munch on this
dish plus it looks nicer another way to
eat corn on the cob is to use these cute
little skewers they go into the ends of
the cob so that your hands stay
completely clean they also prevent you
from burning your fingers if the cob is
still hot hold the cob by the ends and
bite off the juicy kernels sidebar this
method comes straight from the Army it's
true because here you get to eat the
kernels if you don't want to get your
face messy or corn stuck in your teeth
an annoying problem from eating it
straight off the cob you can use a knife
to slice the kernels off how to do this
stand the kernel up vertically and cut
the corn off down the sides then you can
use a fork or spoon to eat them
cupcakes these sweet pastries are so
good then it doesn't even matter if you
get the icing all over your face but if
you want to avoid having a delicious
icing mustache
try this creative tip take the cupcake
out of its wrapper then use both hands
to tear the cupcake in half laterally it
helps if you use your fingernails to dig
into the cake and twist the top off of
the bottom now if this seems a bit too
messy for you use a knife even a plastic
one will do now put the bottom half of
the cupcake upside down on the top so
you get something resembling a sandwich
smoosh your cupcake sandwich a bit so
that the two halves stay stuck together
and then eat it like a burger enjoy so
which of these foods always gives you
problems when you try to eat as neatly
as possible or did we miss your culinary
headache tell us in the comments below
share this video with your friends so
they won't embarrass themselves anymore
in restaurants either if you enjoyed the
video remember to give it a like and
while you're at it you can hit that
subscribe button so you won't miss all
our fun and interesting updates make
yourself at home on the bright side of
life
[Music]